restructure announcements release notes (#5178)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/announcements-release-notes/880/880-announcements.md

---
id: 880-announcements
title: "Announcements"
description: "Supported environment changes and breaking changes or deprecations for the Camunda 8.8 release."
toc_max_heading_level: 2
---

import DeployDiagramImg from '../../img/deploy-diagram-modal.png';
import AnnouncementsGrid from '../../react-components/\_announcements-card.js';
import { AnnouncementsCards } from '../../react-components/\_announcements-card-data';

Supported environment changes and breaking changes or deprecations for the Camunda 8.8 release are summarized below.

> [Release notes](/reference/announcements-release-notes/880/880-release-notes.md) now contain all updates for new features and enhancements. Click any of the features below to be re-routed to the release notes.

Reviewer: I don't think we have to describe the change, just the new status-quo.

```suggestion
Please check the [Release notes](/reference/announcements-release-notes/880/880-release-notes.md) to find a summary about all new features and enhancements.
```

Author: Adjusting in incoming commit 👍

> <AnnouncementsGrid announcements={AnnouncementsCards} />

Reviewer: I would remove them. This is just additional complexity.

```suggestion
```

| Scheduled release date | Scheduled end of maintenance | Release notes | Blog |
| :--------------------- | :--------------------------- | :------------ | :--- |
| 14 October 2025        | 13 April 2027                | -             | -    |

- [Supported environment changes](#supported-environment-changes)
  - [Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, and Identity must run on exact same minor and patch levels](#zeebe-operate-tasklist-and-identity-must-run-on-exact-same-minor-and-patch-levels)
  - [Installation and deployment updates Self-Managed](#installation-and-deployment-updates-self-managed)
    - [Helm charts](#helm-charts)

> - [Breaking changes](#breaking-changes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Key changes](#key-changes)
```

Author: Adjusting in incoming commit 👍

  - [API updates SaaSSelf-Managed](#api-updates-saasself-managed)
    - [Deprecated: Operate and Tasklist v1 REST APIs](#deprecated-operate-and-tasklist-v1-rest-apis)
    - [Deprecated: Job-based user tasks querying](#deprecated-job-based-user-tasks-querying)
    - [Deprecated: Zeebe gRPC API endpoints](#deprecated-zeebe-grpc-api-endpoints)
    - [Removed: Tasklist GraphQL API](#removed-tasklist-graphql-api)
    - [Removed: Deprecated OpenAPI objects](#removed-deprecated-openapi-objects)
  - [Camunda Java client and Camunda Spring SDK](#camunda-java-client-and-camunda-spring-sdk)
    - [Key changes](#key-changes)

## Supported environment changes

> ### Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist, and Identity must run on exact same minor and patch levels

Reviewer: One cannot see the ### (h3) titles in the navigation on the right hand side. Can we adjust this? 
(Or alternatively: change `## Supported environment changes` to `# Supported environment changes`

Author: Adjusting in incoming commit 👍
